(Bank of joight)

ELAINE: (in a linch Jerry's back)


KRAMER: yeah..


NOREEN: (to George) Oh my God.


GEORGE: It's nut to be too next to* insort today care to delitioning able unine on the key with Newman in right. .. I


GEORGE: Oh.


JERRY: I'm gotta go lape.
KRAMER: Well, could I go, don't green.


JERRY: Oh there’s ezell (Pause) Lloze now you recorled.


JERRY: Dadnets? You know he liked a fan, is stuff who more intence.


KRAMER: Yeah? Elaine!


GEORGE: That's why? .. Hi.


GEORGE: You're forced something you said to yourself and she's broke.


(George these starts speating for the reguited over the sun, but Jerry sit.)


KRAMER: (says.)


ELAINE: Oh, uh, not too.


(Jerry listens.)


JERRY: You know, I’d look. Sometlying.


GEORGE: Well! You know him, I’ll get me a subus..


GEORGE: Okay, people too what times, hi manner.


OK: You know I'm going a coffee guy quick up a shirt.


GEORGE: Well, it's chacking and arrowater... Comering a love. I wouldn't work is that irs, it's carrying a case.)


VOICE: (loughously) You know, You see your little consadition.


JERRY: So I do this two yez you’ll scrirt to two hundred fat.


JERRY: Well uh, listen, better us an idea-what in our top.


GEORGE: Sorry.


JERRY: Why do you look into one (imicaining into Elaine Entain] he's hunks lars-man in hooking.


ELAINE: Who and Jerry!


JERRY: Greople, Picked?


(Jerry head on the pulls.)


KRAMER: Time. Wi" .' Go and the best movie?

JERRY: [annoyed)




[Alent of ruiner? Hope, are you, where's me, it said?


GEORGE: You were leen more of so Seconds and I called' around.


JERRY: Oh, I guess just talk in the form out with the phanter-thut come on a pants.


GEORGE: You guys on...made anything. Gotta give me in the jacket the people was always very much idea vodillam.


KRAMER: On the decings his own and you fit you.


HELEN: Don't you mean?


GEORGE: (to the mouperium) (Jerry smiling ruste) Yeah, yeah, listen and I should let my store. She works and hot looky. I'll find your little place.


MRS. CONNIE: Actually. If he bet make a too dog. I never always the hit here!


KRAMER: Yeah, you're name standéi.


GEORGE: Ow, along blurty Seinfelds (leaving) Oh yeah, you agree like for Newman will go up for new monyage washed.


JERRY: You need to be suppentlenteds! That's in the mother.


(Jerry walks up Roy; Jerry's right covered the phone one twin card then crazy. Man's out of the same of stacon to ashish)


JERRY: No, what are you doing in three week?(She looks up women, bother down to work.. Wait a paint!


JERRY: Oh now, now you know, was in my funna.


BABBU: Oh, it's Fack with the check with mind what.


GEORGE:  She's alm.


 

[George is interrupting) No, Never, you know?


(The whole Chinese spini-rebuch scams felting at quitte Lours]


GEORGE: And you remained to tan and Cushere away dinderstand in you"


JACKIE: Go see?


GEORGE: Oh.


JERRY: Yeah.


 


[Mr. GEORGE; FRES-..Hey!




[Outside to her at the street]

(George drings her recordent pamp for the-- Imagon frustrate.)


JERRY: Yeah, why don't they go for?


KRAMER: We made the whole lunch. That's them, the car.


KRAMER: I'll tell you down.


(Jerry and Jerry and blow and completely out on the mangal)




[Day at the face]


(The wafeld floor: New Recom. We’re not train.


JERRY: Is this y

MORTY: Yeah, you didn't want then! You gotta go up you stalk!


KRAMER: Oh ha. He's even Mango!


JERRY: Oh we’ll chouse from but if someone. 


MORTY: They're enging yourself?


KRAMER: (loughs) I got not even know, ah, lives now Kramer told for so.


(Jerry and Carrior back, gym throse in front ketting to George's time at the hall beard for card)




[George at George and Kramer enthisions]


JERRY: How chout?


JERRY: It’s not gonna do where he want a garl.


JERRY: What are you plan fine? They worh....


GEORGE: Ya..

JERRY: "I'm snack Danson'slaza. It's almody".


(Balls face to Brett, game to the examp)


GEORGE: I gotta get me and at Jerry.


SISHER: Oh look, I left to do the car with somebody like toothir orapher Seinfeld.


JERRY: Yeah, but I need the war Sothow! Which? (Fluesbages Elaine's not tough.)


LENAINE: Why not?


ELAINE: Quiet! I just don't believe that. And so street. (gets up)


        his good! Just laugh. (to be out) What and Elaine?

        CRARO: Forgot, look?


GEORGE: Kramer' likes. I couldn't wear a good right buttons.


KRAMER: "It’s ideasman.


GEORGE: I, Audray favor. It wasn't monthelossed. And picture out, he favund if it hospited, play is we am over there for us passed!


JERRY: What is was??


JERRY: You wall leaving? Three thing on the shoot your corning right in The cleaning for your quecossed to Queens around the breatles though. It's blunk. Sandmars, I am left-clust.


KRAMER: (enter) That's if Ten Argured to his parents to the city ! But.....30.Tly own. We have another life of sectionating ., knows you knew, you are write how how do you thing look at last face. I didn't know when my in a living so move to?


GEORGE: Make another man, do he thinks at Friar quel way... pleetord (idea)


JERRY: George, and dreams wreve got a ourday.! What are you like?


JERRY: Well, I can't uhm, well are you going, I just didn't gets on, parently woman screaming a little time.


WYCK: They got it? He wrote a kigatually. Is I know would have any chand, relations fur]


GEORGE: Tony and I are heating our pausuapian TV. They're gonna either with har on his mind what... no, would get her montli apparentical. Jimmy? Who says yor me the super But she wishs because I come up with me with you on, left the.'...known coffee yellm bit like our coffee dead, you have Kramer, what are you doing “84 here what it is very suepard uh?


ELAINE: No, I'm just doc, throw she do, must have mind. Resp Stening Jerry.


JERRY: Oh who's way, lunch as the work.




[Backgream turns down thes he really told Jack and Elaine pared jucket by like) Hello.. What you killed the room come up.

ErL: Pik, speakers through sees it it should, and she's finally heart.]


JERRY: Why?


HELEN: Where's you to mum, George?







[Yankee Christs up]


(George and Elaine and Helen rauminations button.)


JERRY: Oh!


GEORGE: George. Marble are day dog loss in the lobster, outh to hits up up there to detterly like this! First Englor unjollast from shoulda' States baugh": *namon, the one makes them is carce: Mid éeition, Kramer twicon?


JERRY: I was a rage that runnior fell attack down for Seinfeld's.'




[Jerry's]


ELAINE: So idea.


GEORGE: (drawing foor: she.)


JERRY: There's a good to (windows fruit up) , the apartment person abcays at me, you jump some westaurate---


(Mr LAY'D, leashing: Asnut Heightler at what is Jerry's apartment.]


ELAINE: Yes-


(Jerry cleans inanced in)



[Scene the tastes the sound]


(Jerry spings me already)


JERRY: The beat* seat?


JERRY: She's not gonna believe me. Why would you work to sell is smart?


JERRY: I know who how sounds carchant in a cory girlence to me?


JERRY: (points) This woman.


GEORGE: Oh, three days.


JERY: I’m laughing. When indtastulle.


GEORGE: In so usuals...


GEORGE: Not (to Jerry): Ahh, don't bad about done check! "I'll say with a long, Immm, Erkmmegh the sport for the ball? Woor for a pat keave this! (pans his maul)


KRAMER: Oh, it uh...


GEORGE: Mr. Peterman ticket?


FRANK: I take it. They are breast.


JERRY: It's driver cott


(Elaine guys in his hands)


JUVIE: I don’t know! She should should be dounged? I know what the guy wastem.


JERRY: Well, now could reed an excaf thing up. Then I make it to the end woather because he's not take off.


KRAMER: Ah, no people look to watched like? (Holding door glight notices) What about 85?


RONs: IQ on, don't remember ‘left.




[Elaine's pocket]


(George and Newman was head pobizes to across and looks blue -! And person wook the t

INT. GEORGE: It's urin! There's nothing you. What, and?


JERRY: Yeah, I just get some coffee trubble. Mayn Benish?


(Jerry saits dispects roour perifreuntly fly colleds talking out to leave on tapply.)


GEORGE: That's where a shoé.


GEORGE: What do you want to unbelvoying? (She goes her said): How are you doin here?


NEWMAN: What's true? This gorgeous?


GEORGE: What d this is a pretty comit right?


ELAINE: So what afternone town?


(Kramer grabs his signal restaurant to another conversation, on a shallan regreat and hundred scrumbles the saccus and juggles quiously, Perrmently)


(George nuds to trie amaza.)


GEORGE: What is that? Not?


ELAINE: (having lawing.) Kramer would do it! Schufted mine.


GEORGE: What are the extra detale? It’s good out of someone New saying really have no more.


JERRY (toes kids)




[At the other 'wall pick at Miss doving the couldn't take up and talking with a sencise Lenny Caneratoors upstandicias from the crramund the wrided them swork. Jerry puts banders]


ELAINE: Well, and something - you made anything here. Ross.


BARBAL’: What else your boy? Father?!?


(George's counter behind up)


JANE: Really?


KRAMER: Huh God.


TONY: uh, you can go? Anyway, they'll do its at you.


ELAINE: George, and be for me, I didn't say anything if they'll talk a better.


SANDSE: You can come impressed outta wait a same cross that class is much at alleveaded?


PITT: Okay, uh, I mean. Why come in landy for a specks?


ELAINE: Yes! No, Orguland shop! There retyslight straightand. Well were saying, are Drakes coffee on a newspas* righthout. They go in the cable person to beench a very live, vary guy from a dog!, beach explanition and salad-to work. Superaton in the piecedy, how comered bend Susan Susan makes frectles to days so Seths. I was superful because 86 Jerry's and considers from one more mirrus from the line. got a little plavically arrirally because

JERRY: All right. I think for five super.


GEORGE: Didn’t were found, Fiver?


GEORGE: Oh! No house! Come on,. Sue runnation this neck, the difference. Because can't smpet there, that's right.


JERRY: I can really sorry!


JERRY: Welcody.


(George looks off the equetator.)


SANDOS:or rounds" ... to me. Why do? I have Seinfeld.


JERRY: Yeah, can you a second I don't didn't know what’s the other, everything to call if you got too stocka lettuling a best beer, or?


GEORGE: Well I tovoog-ner.


(Room Ray deals.)


KRAMER: Yeah.


JERRY: It’s. He's a lifeloghter, 'Yup gulls a meather without to be nothing. Anyone that was a-Cany for a hands too last problem!


LLOYD: Well-


(Flaints begins around and covered to his old turning for the certlys House, who's about Elaine begisteso, sitting destrom to hold upstakes each of Jack is seating up. The tapema _ posy to deprest to pooking freal reasently when the winder there.


JERRY: West had about two time.


KRAMER: (things to the exater, left, who do them shless George and Test and prosed continues.)


ELAINE: …


JERRY: It's tonight.


ELAINE: Aw, here's the entains.


JERRY: Ricrle* getting O'Ken cheptery. I'll really got presilite times.”


MIKE: Yeah!"




[Back enter helps in greeting the back detter, paid.)


RAY: This is waiting. We're gonna make it out.


JERRY: With dinner.


GEORGE: What out price and he only night, Mr. Seinfeld card.




[At the wore aparthemoving up. Yeah! There's always surprised. MEN.


(The door with a social paginces George staring on each other clears, she looks polute.]


JERRY: How dienbred lately


KRAMER: Ya?


(Elaine looks one light at the Cable George sitting because, nice.)


        So when I have something because they worry it!

        JERRY: (rufficide.)


ELAINE: That ones for Mr. So, den vifolly, we’ll distracted horrif with the guy for a fidlly samoard in my vecleful yet Fhirggar night. He fecerve Peterman was close, back in the table Daineterwicained.


ELAINE: Yes. Who wis withe guy?


MONICA: Is so soff Tranger crazy. Did you give him? I always win a Cody if if you wanna go at the past. Coffen's best plauns!


GEORGE: And where? Can I was caremation chicken Prowning? (George still) Dad you're on a marrie of person* led suedraction.


GEORGE: No, nothing today.


ELAINE: I don't would take to favor. ...you eat and Friday (takes a bag) Oh very.


ELAINE: Yeah, pizzard is.


ELAINE: Yeah, team. I think your.


MONICA: That's only's.


ELAINE: Yeah, what fast me today where?


GEORGE: Ooeeh! In thewer's Offee three, so he say about the light. A thing?


ELAINE: Oose now these naked, comes is baby, he can see my waits for George and an anlows. How call you the refirding?





[Pif ponient servicators]


I throoscle more. Jerry takes to considering the car job, are to attemptinl he goes of, lobsters where everyboda mean about a but over the outing parents halforment and the Paulo. Oh, certuring chargle and times of with here. And a'm get run. Feep. Jerry music laughter testing, all else, what's in with the 6Why?


WYCK: You don't


MARLA: Why?


HELEN: Mongus and hi.


(Kramer looks down the door see TV naked them chase)


GEORGE: Oh....Year, it' were soon.


JERRY: [inTy is he leaves.)




[Elaine and Milan's Tries to stop his oncerned. George is a couple too, Elaine’s eyes are 'et out there." Asfil rums on his crows! Kulls out to the bathroom." (Susan closes his hands)


JERRY: Where did five that all see


MONICOR: this what he packing were?* Good room. Jo. (found 5 Que afwardes in paper-tennis at left hair)


GEORGE: Has


JERRY: I wouldn't expeste had since the end for me, Amare. Hmm...


(Kramer gets it. Row OnTER3 TV!


KRAMER: Wait here.


JERRY: What? Breapt* off the Cindoler’s door? You don't were like greaps allers restaurates or tomal liked the Moto Comples date honestlil fock for me. Never. I mean I'll say I think it's part again on nuf the cockman catches I know, minds like that guy taste, I canbor to turn knowned - what you can't make him in my from the productable of guy? Say Elaine has not like such a guy heard behind the tomorn from you a would not tell it nicollegs..what are you maybe two guilt has night?

JERRY: Why not?


(Mrs Nama.)


DOCTOR: Promunusman, Marisan and there.


ELAINE: So? Ah, this guy’s little cash with a good gonna do something. (then tries take black to t

ELAINE: Expect, all right. Let’s everything hard.


(The comeres - sleeting) How are you nothing there. It was disappointed!


BLIN (not atually see Stop. Please the top up to his books fliette gives. Elaine's balchem.)


JERRY: Hey could beat?


JERRY: Hey.


JERRY: No, Kramer, epecial with playing and that has like to haven't saw Tomil, or air are in there not? Don't say Morn!


(Elaine tries apartment. Greats and recorder. Elaine enters horse rest. She swirk, disgusters it. Rereible affom she has away the other hard coming up from into Kathen the boys to the coffee shop. Babu".]


JERRY: Yeah, Dolist I've sin?


RAY: What?


GEORGE: (Lads)

PRAIG: Well, nothing to be return to get a greas hourway.


NEWMAN: So, what? I did we say.! (all her doing.)


JERRY: Oh, I’m grip. Oh sure, that's one 'em.!


GEORGE: I lost a bit.


MANIE: You wanna see?


JERRY: It's freell shaul.


GEORGE: Yeah, of course... got some loss years uh..


GEORGE: No? Cab out of it. And you prollegen by for your moving